Common: Update Rockblock usage (#6763)
ArduPilot/ardupilot_wiki: common/source/docs/common-telemetry-rockblock.rst

The RockBLOCK has a latency of 20-60 seconds and is only able to send 1 message per 30 second period (or greater). This period is
configurable via the ``RCK_PERIOD`` parameter.

If desired, the RockBlock can automatically activate on loss-of-GCS-telemetry. This is done by setting the ``RCK_FORCEHL`` parameter to 2.
The RockBLOCK will then automatically activate when telemetry is lost for ``RCK_TIMEOUT`` seconds. When telemetry is restored,
the RockBLOCK will deactivate.

.. note:: Any modem using the Iridium 9602 or 9603 chipset *should* work, though only the RockBLOCK 9603N modem has been tested.

Supported MAVLink messages
==========================

The following MAVLink messages are supported from the GCS to the vehicle:
- COMMAND_LONG
- COMMAND_INT
- MISSION_ITEM_INT
- MISSION_SET_CURRENT

> Withing the COMMAND_LONG and COMMAND_INT messages, the following commands are supported:

Reviewer: needs blank line after the group above to display both bulletlists correctly

Author: That _should_ now be fixed.

- MAV_CMD_NAV_RETURN_TO_LAUNCH
- MAV_CMD_NAV_LAND
- MAV_CMD_NAV_TAKEOFF
- MAV_CMD_NAV_VTOL_TAKEOFF
- MAV_CMD_NAV_VTOL_LAND
- MAV_CMD_DO_SET_MODE
- MAV_CMD_DO_CHANGE_SPEED
- MAV_CMD_DO_SET_SERVO
- MAV_CMD_DO_PARACHUTE
- MAV_CMD_MISSION_START
- MAV_CMD_COMPONENT_ARM_DISARM
- MAV_CMD_DO_REPOSITION
- MAV_CMD_CONTROL_HIGH_LATENCY

Ground Setup
============

> The RockBLOCK messages are sent a recived via the Rock7 gateway. It has an API that allows for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The RockBLOCK messages are sent and received via the Rock7 gateway. It has an API that allows for
``` 
?? I don't use this so not sure, but reasonably sure its not correct as is

- MAV_CMD_DO_CHANGE_SPEED
- MAV_CMD_DO_SET_SERVO
- MAV_CMD_DO_PARACHUTE
- MAV_CMD_MISSION_START
- MAV_CMD_COMPONENT_ARM_DISARM
- MAV_CMD_DO_REPOSITION
- MAV_CMD_CONTROL_HIGH_LATENCY

Ground Setup
============

Due to limitations of the RockBLOCK web service, all packets in the Vehicle to GCS direction need to go via a public-facing web service.
See `here <https://docs.rockblock.rock7.com/docs/integration-with-application>`__ for details.
For the purposes of this configuration, the free `adafruit.io <https://io.adafruit.com/>`__ service is used.
The RockBLOCK messages are sent and received via the Rock7 gateway. It has an API that allows for
sending and receiving messages via a web service.

> #.  Connect the RockBLOCK modem to a spare UART on the flight controller. Only the +5V, RX, TX and GND lines need to be connected

Reviewer: I think the connection info and link to lua applet, etc. is still required

Author: Yep, re-added.
